Add extensions documentation (#4202)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _developer-documentation/index.md

---
layout: default
title: Developer documentation
nav_order: 1
has_children: false
has_toc: false
nav_exclude: true
---

# Developer documentation

We welcome your contributions to the OpenSearch Project. Here are some helpful links to explore the OpenSearch repositories and learn how to contribute:

- [OpenSearch Project GitHub repo](https://github.com/opensearch-project/)
- [Javadoc documentation](https://opensearch.org/javadocs/)
- [Getting started as an OpenSearch contributor](https://github.com/opensearch-project/.github/blob/main/ONBOARDING.md)
- [OpenSearch release schedule and maintenance policy](https://opensearch.org/releases.html)
- [OpenSearch Project roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/opensearch-project/projects/1)
- [OpenSearch Community Forum](https://forum.opensearch.org/)

## What's new

> New in version 2.8, OpenSearch introduces _extensions_---an easier to develop and more secure alternative to plugins, which simplifies creating custom functionality for OpenSearch. To learn more about building extensions using _OpenSearch SDK for Java_, see [Extensions]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/developer-documentation/extensions/).

Reviewer: I believe we are looking at releasing extensions in 2.9 now

Author: @ryanbogan We're releasing extensions as an experimental feature in 2.8, correct? The header on the extensions page will say "experimental" so I think this can stay as is.

Reviewer: No it got pushed back by one release

> New in version 2.8, OpenSearch introduces _extensions_---an easier to develop and more secure alternative to plugins, which simplifies creating custom functionality for OpenSearch. To learn more about building extensions using _OpenSearch SDK for Java_, see [Extensions]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/developer-documentation/extensions/).

Reviewer 2: To my eye, "...an easier-to-develop and more secure alternative..." reads a little better.

---
layout: default
title: Developer documentation
nav_order: 1
has_children: false
has_toc: false
nav_exclude: true
---

# Developer documentation

We welcome your contributions to the OpenSearch Project. Here are some helpful links to explore the OpenSearch repositories and learn how to contribute:

- [OpenSearch Project GitHub repo](https://github.com/opensearch-project/)
- [Javadoc documentation](https://opensearch.org/javadocs/)
- [Getting started as an OpenSearch contributor](https://github.com/opensearch-project/.github/blob/main/ONBOARDING.md)
- [OpenSearch Dashboards Developer Guide](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/blob/main/DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md)
- [OpenSearch release schedule and maintenance policy](https://opensearch.org/releases.html)
- [OpenSearch Project roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/opensearch-project/projects/1)
- [OpenSearch Community Forum](https://forum.opensearch.org/)

## What's new

> New in version 2.9, OpenSearch introduces _extensions_---an easier-to-develop and more secure alternative to plugins, which simplifies creating custom functionality for OpenSearch. To learn more about building extensions using _OpenSearch SDK for Java_, see [Extensions]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/developer-documentation/extensions/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
New in version 2.9, OpenSearch introduces _extensions_---an easier-to-develop and more secure alternative to plugins---to simplify creating custom functionality for OpenSearch. To learn more about building extensions using _OpenSearch SDK for Java_, see [Extensions]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/developer-documentation/extensions/).
```
